Prepare 1.15.1 release (#9925)
swissspidy/web-stories-wp: readme.txt

For the plugin's full changelog, please see [the Releases page on GitHub](https://github.com/google/web-stories-wp/releases).

= 1.15.1 =

**Release Date:** December 7, 2021.

> * Fixes an issue with the editor crashing due to an unexpected data format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a rare issue with crashing and failing to load particular stories.
```
A bit more of a user-centric message.
